hello with you is the best children's channel
games and applications downloaded on google
play
today we will play a game with
funny little fluffy easter
rabbit game we learn bright colorful
fascinates from the first seconds of the game
furry hero runs overcoming
obstacles collects coins
as well as we come across nice bonuses
a magnet such as
It helps to attract coins and more
rockets and more
you can equalize the hero by touching the screen
or tilts the phone in different soon
The cream has 8 different scaffolds for 7
continent
you can also buy another animal
collecting enough coins
free coins are available for
watching video lesson accurate game
thanks for watching the video
subscribe to our channel channel best
children's applications and games put huskies
comment to everyone bye
as falls
thereafter